to learn how to make this coffee in cream
or coffee cream we're going to need
this is optional that are more melon already
I tell them it's optional if they like what they're going
to add to that you will also need
white sugar or integrate that
you still need you like coffee
instant hot milk a good bowl
and a spoonful of good metal we're going to
proceed to make this delicious coffee
good cream let's go
to start
and then we're going to add two teaspoons
coffee instant coffee
and now once we have both
ingredients we are going to add a
teaspoon one or two teaspoons
milk
very hot
and once we add those teaspoons
of milk let's start to beat this
coffee let's start mixing
integrate sugar with milk and
other and good once we achieve a
texture a little pasty more or less than
We're going to add one more teaspoon
of hot milk one or two depending
as you see it if you see it very very
dry and in this case the coffee absorbed
a lot of sugar then add one
teaspoon more sugar but I'm telling you
that is optional if you want
they can continue beating only that they are going to
give a little more work then
that's why I added him
As I told you, we beat you with a lot of love
a lot of love and when we get that texture
a little doughy we're going to add a
more teaspoon of hot milk
preferably and we start again
to beat until little by little
dough goes diluted and becomes
more or less as in cream as what
they are watching there and good when he is in
that point at that cream-type point and
pasta then our coffee would be ready
coffee smoothie cream and what we would proceed
is to add well hot milk
so that this begins to be integrated and
get well very creamy this way already
would be ready our coffee cream already
we could have a snack or a drink when
we want but as I am a greedy and
If you are also greedy as I go
to add more melon
well let's start the most melo and go
to add diced I
approximately I add 5 more melon
as in account they are big that's why they
I say a good bowl since the most melon
it starts to melt and it's going to go up
little foam coffee cream
then we are adding and we go with the
metal spoon let's press the
more I wolf in the cafe and we are giving
round and round until the most melon
dissolves in the coffee and once
that dissolves the result that goes to
to stay is definitely much more
creamy yet of what the
coffee cream just as you can see there it
dilutes and absorbs all the
milk and when finished, we could
enjoy this delicious cream coffee or
coffee beaten as you prefer
call it I'm going to add it with a
biscuit in this case but if you
they want with that is more than enough
and well that's all super simple
do
As you can see, you can do it yourselves
without a machine you just need a little
of love, love and patience and that's it
ready in our cream coffee if you have
liked to rate this video if it has
It seemed interesting to share it and
tell me down there that has
seemed to send them a very big kiss and
see you in the next video bay
and